this man had been sleeping in the
suspension chambers for 500 years
when he woke up he discovered that the
earth had a big change
the whole city became devastated the
leaning building had to be tied up with
a rope
broken bridge that no one repaired each
car crashed under the bridge this movie
idiocracy won 8 oscars
it turned out that humans now have an
extremely low iq
smart people have gone extinct the story
happened 500 years ago
people with a high iq do not want to
have children and those with low iq
on the other hand give birth a lot this
makes the iq of humanity increasingly
low
so the government started the
hibernation plan they froze people with
high iqs into the chambers to prevent
the iq of people from receding
the male protagonist joe is an american
soldier he is honored to be selected as
the first group of the experiment
along with him was a girl named rita the
two quickly ran the experiment
they fell into real hibernation but the
test is not favorable
not long after the two were hibernating
the person in charge of this experiment
was arrested by the military on
corruption charges the lab was also
demolished
because this experiment is completely
confidential the two people suspension
chambers had been left in the rubble
500 years have passed the laboratory in
the past
has become a giant mountain of waste the
cans finally fell
the mountains of trash collapsed and the
city fell joe's suspension chamber was
also pushed into frito's house
the door was accidentally opened and joe
woke up
he was still in his dream state when he
was suddenly thrown out by frito
joe looked at the dilapidated street
puzzled inside
he wanted to find someone to ask but
nobody said it was clear
they look really stupid joe felt a
headache so he went to a hospital
but the doctor here cannot distinguish
the devices he even put the wrong device
in joe's mouth
joe hurriedly found the [ __ ] to rinse
his mouth but the water in the running
tap is soda
he just knew from the magazine he slept
for 500 years
now that he understood the whole earth
was occupied by idiots
since joe had no idea in this era he was
arrested by the police
the judge handled the case like an idiot
that worried so deeply
he also discovered that his defense
lawyer is frito
not only did he not defend joe but he
also accused joe of two serious crimes
the two crimes are spontaneously
breaking into people's homes
and bothering others to watch television
so joe was found guilty
and sent to do an iq test joe who heard
the problem
frowned the problem is if there are two
liters of water in the first pail
the second has five liters how many
pails are there in total
joe frowned and replied with lack of
confidence
[Music]
he can't believe that after 500 years
humans will be the stupid
joe had just been sent to prison when a
daring idea came up
he went directly to the prison guard and
said that his prison term had ended
today is the day he was released from
prison
after listening the prison guard raised
his hand and pointed the way out for him
this is probably the funniest prison
escape in history
then joe went to find frito he told joe
there was a time machine in this era
joe tricked frito into taking him away
on the way they meet rita
she just woke up joe put rita in the car
but having not found a time machine they
were chased by the police
frito's car quickly ran out of power
three people gash off the car to run
the police chasing the place immediately
tried to attack frito's car
even the policemen even used a rocket
gun to shoot missiles but shot backwards
hit a jet flying in the sky in the end
joe could not get on the subway
and was arrested by the police but this
time he was not sent to prison
but taken to the white house the iq test
the day before showed that joe was the
smartest person in the world
so the president wants to use him when
joe got to the white house
he found that the official here was very
different the energy minister is a kid
this position was won by the gambler he
won the defense minister is a fat guy
the attorney general is a plump woman
the education minister is an idiot
the president is different he fell five
times so he won the championship
and took the presidency the president
gives him the impossible job of fixing
the nationwide food shortages
tell him to solve the farmer problem if
the settlement is not completed
joe will be sent to see god to preserve
his life joe reluctantly agreed
he goes to find frito asks frito to draw
a map to find the time machine
he and rita pretended to survey the farm
in essence
they are trying to run away to find a
time machine
but joe didn't expect frito's map to be
so confusing
when the two returned joe discovered
that these idiots used soda to water the
fields
after a while of investigation water in
this era
has been completely replaced by soda in
everyone used soda for everything they
used soda to wash the car and water the
field
and they only use water to flush the
toilet then joe ordered to use water to
fertilize instead of using soda
but this action of him pleaded guilty to
the soda corporation
because he caused a dramatic decrease in
the consumption of soda
half of the employees were laid off and
there was a great riot
the fields are irrigated with water but
still do not grow
joe was arrested again in prison rita
came to visit him
she asked him why he didn't continue to
use the previous method to escape prison
joe said helplessly
to calm the people down the police
escorted joe to the scene to be fined
joe drives the wreckage and has to deal
with two tanks equipped with enough
propulsion
but joe has the advantage of
intelligence joe kicked the accelerator
took advantage
of the iron chain at his feet completely
eliminated the two opponents
but before he was happy the next
opponent with powerful weapons appeared
the audience started cheering loudly
during an emergency
joe took the nick to give a very
emotional speech but these idiots don't
understand what he is saying
joe is in a difficult situation at this
moment
the big screen suddenly appeared a seed
it turned out that he'd
spotted a seat sprouting outside the
white house she took
it and passed it on the screen at the
scene joe is rescued the president
delegates the position of vice president
to him
joe later learned that the time machine
frito scent was just a time wheel in the
amusement park
finally joe decided to give up wanting
to go back to the past
he safely stayed in this world as vice
president he wholeheartedly led people
to restore the glorious days of mankind
before at the end of the film
joe takes office as president rita
becomes the first lady of the white
house
they have three smartest children in the
world frito
also became vice president but he gave
birth to 32 of the world's stupidest
children